README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm Michael 👋

Full-stack developer passionate about building scalable web applications with modern technologies. I'm self-taught and embracing AI to help me with documentation, automation and automated testing.

  ### Tech Stack
  ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
  ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
  ![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
  ![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-000000?style=flat-square&logo=express&logoColor=white)
  ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
  ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
  ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub_Actions-2088FF?style=flat-square&logo=github-actions&logoColor=white)

  📍 Currently working on: [Meteo Weather](https://github.com/mbuckingham74/meteo-weather) - Weather application with AI integration

  ---

  <p align="center">
    <img height="100" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats-eight.vercel.app/?user=mbuckingham74&theme=default&hide_border=true" />
    <img height="100" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mbuckingham74&show_icons=true&theme=default&hide_border=true&count_private=true&hide_title=true&hide_rank=true"
   />
    <img height="100" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mbuckingham74&layout=compact&theme=default&hide_border=true&hide_title=true&langs_count=4" />
  </p>

Commit message:

Update README with Mom's Recipes project link
Added link to Mom's Recipes project in the README.

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Michael 👋

Full-stack developer passionate about building scalable web applications with modern technologies. I'm self-taught and embracing AI to help me with documentation, automation and automated testing.

  ### Tech Stack
  ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
  ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
  ![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
  ![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-000000?style=flat-square&logo=express&logoColor=white)
  ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
  ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
  ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub_Actions-2088FF?style=flat-square&logo=github-actions&logoColor=white)

  📍 Currently working on: [Meteo Weather](https://github.com/mbuckingham74/meteo-weather) - Weather application with AI integration
     Mom's Recipes: https://moms-recipes.tachyonfuture.com - Recipe Database App with AI for parsing PDFs, recipe cards, images and links of recipes

  ---

  <p align="center">
    <img height="100" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats-eight.vercel.app/?user=mbuckingham74&theme=default&hide_border=true" />
    <img height="100" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mbuckingham74&show_icons=true&theme=default&hide_border=true&count_private=true&hide_title=true&hide_rank=true"
   />
    <img height="100" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mbuckingham74&layout=compact&theme=default&hide_border=true&hide_title=true&langs_count=4" />
  </p>
